Ham with Bourbon, Molasses, and Pecan Glaze 1/2 cup apple juice (preferably fresh unfiltered) 1/4 cup bourbon 1 3/4 cups (packed) dark brown sugar 1 cup pecans, toasted, cooled, finely ground 1/4 cup mild-flavored (light) molasses 3 tablespoons dry mustard 1 whole bone-in 16- to 18-pound hamBoil juice and bourbon in small saucepan until reduced to scant 1/3 cup, about 6 minutes. Combine sugar, pecans, molasses, and mustard in bowl. Add bourbon mixture; stir to form thick paste. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before using.)Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 325¡F. Line large roasting pan with heavy-duty foil, leaving overhang on all sides. Trim off skin and all but 1/4 inch fat from ham. Place ham, fat side up, in prepared pan. Roast ham until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 130¡F to 135¡F, about 10 minutes per pound or 2 hours 40 minutes for 16-pound ham.Remove ham from oven; increase oven temperature to 425¡F. Lightly score fat on ham in diamond pattern. Rub glaze thickly over top and sides of ham. Return ham to oven and roast until glaze is deep brown and bubbling, about 25 minutes. Let ham stand at least 20 minutes and up to 45 minutes. Serve with chutney and spoon bread.  Tangerine Chutney 9 small seedless tangerines, unpeeled 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar 1 tablespoon dry mustard 1/4 teaspoon salt 1 1/2 cups red jalape–o pepper jelly3/4 cup tangerine, orange, or lemon marmaladeFinely grate enough peel off tangerines to measure 3 tablespoons. Using small sharp knife, cut all peel and white pith off tangerines. Working over large sieve set in bowl, cut between membranes, releasing segments into sieve. Place in refrigerator and let segments drain at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours.Stir vinegar, mustard, and salt in medium bowl until mustard dissolves. Mix in jelly, marmalade, and 3 tablespoons grated tangerine peel. Cover and chill chutney base up to 6 hours.Gently fold tangerine segments into chutney base and serve.